and now it is time for blank reviews
with Hubert J blank
tonight's review my little pony
the questions degrees we've ever seen in
my life
my little pony my little spiders Ducey's
unicorn make reading sparkers or
Nietzsche 90 years ago anymore she has
wings now wait discover shot tasted
resisted change and buttered so 2010
demeans these are going to the crystal
Empire for some reason it's waning
budget duties guard it is like wow
there's a place in the city a country
where children ah there is no other
grating this entire show that looks like
you uh we're gonna plug anyway jeez I
that obvious
yeah so try to go to MIT but not under
have you come beef owners butter cream
is good advice they fight about it who
AG turned out which actually sit as she
stood before Twilight and sweetie you
know better so he prayed is becoming
portal Iceland fight honesty to enjoy is
like okay but selects a sake weeks you
get all going down I come convenience so
it's we need is sure to do humans
punches out dog it's what every piece of
Greece and yet high school who dived on
dawn yes hey school potato night eternal
chaos forget passes on slave it for its
okie stop making scary faces 20 let's
just my high school is in high score
twice
I'm skeet covered 0.5 seconds because
haven't gotta be reckoned George V's
Richmond I see you try to get a crime
dad surprised like Gemma clown yes yeah
no you subscribe to be bad word to use a
surprise for a plot point you just find
obviously priceless like there's already
should be turn you can lacy just give
them away in contests are you wrote here
what
so when he gets loaded around that you
humanize you of course everyone hates
and they were pretty much reduced to a
wanted MPD panic with this Casey minutes
in the show so I centers SP Barbara made
all the toilets print hate each other
but then do makeup pray just when he
conveniently meets human versions of our
great big shiny object Ruby by baby
Raven s swag today Twitter but to do
this guy comes s century who cares no
singer me Bernie or tweet mounted easy
time on the Utah so much you're serious
immersive energetic as a nice complexion
spec yeah bass guitar turns a mistake so
much so he Bugsy doing it is like wow
happy yesterday uh the same do some of
the safe ski top the card I bumped into
oh Jesus I really that obvious kit show
season two magical musical numbers can
I'm here at the school but twenty eight
is pushed to Cantor bridge the truth of
our origins the script but airframes are
still sketchy good hi we just played the
dumb jocks big believer
get so twenty reach the ground pyro
excuse me
yeah a you should dress for me to
achieve in it
I'm doing poorly designed if you need to
do ruler of cost there here zombie tears
richest radiant red knew anything about
it
I mean her army consists of an emperor
of other dimension is interesting kids
but then it goes on field in the end
record any sailor Scouts I anyway to see
her Snow White's no we are just hi
everybody's messy later Stewart Obama
buck off hey sweetie see pre-chewed
radius
oh yeah we what and they are you've
happy ever after preach I really found
Equestria girls despite my toes more
rush to be running from the cops this is
humid cake likes a bitch where you come
on reds are using somewhere to show mi
you do grass those from Castro
you